Hello, friends
asked by a person who sees
in youtube permanent advertising of some
green card lottery services and
however much advertising I do not see
I have no such thing here but
advertising after all she is so directed
yes that is they can by country there
let's say maybe they are in america tu
advertising does not give as it makes no sense give
somewhere there outside
and you see her and the person asks
tell me now
lottery it will not be but in October and
why some services why right
now and so on it means that
hypothetically let's say a year ago
yes the same thing happened although there was no
it is clear whether the lottery at all yes then
there is as it were because I will not
more but nonetheless at the very moment
when most likely it seemed that inside
there will be no such aggravated
means appeal to the citizens so that they
participated in the lottery and participate participation
this
Well, as if very conditional because for
In order to participate in the lottery
go to the site which is for this
state and there for free
fill in the form
but these services are advertised
they take money they take money for
that they carry you somewhere
its that database and then it means when
there will be a lottery not there you look there
somewhere or yes or no there will send no
send I do not know
but basically i can't give
legal assessment i mean i can't
say it 's something real
cheating i can't i don't
competent in this but nothing
to the participation of the battery green card is not
but it is designed for someone
who don't even know what people are
who are a little aware they know that
no intermediaries are needed for this
you just need to fill the bag and sometimes
people who are hard to fill in a mold
they can turn in absolutely any
there is a travel agency for a dollar the author is not
Knowing how many of the funny money 4
competent person fill this mold
that's all
so
these are those who know those who do not know
accordingly they will take the ladies
a few hundred dollars for this for all
maybe more will take why now
it happens because the aggravation
political situation and there we see and
Russia and Ukraine and if people are more
suspicious or there are careful and they
wondering there and who's next
Well, that will be an hour of euphoria about
Crimea is necessary somehow to support her
Well, who will be next so here I am with people
talk different places I have a circle
communication is wide here and there let's say from
Kazakhstan people are worried and out
Baltic also concern I have here is,
let's go to din wrote and here you are
there are some demonstrations there
pass
and it's uncomfortable, even that he was about himself
Russian because you do not agree and
outraged him there are some wrong
people they do not want to learn the language
so it requires here and they say as if not
did not lead because generally Russian on
account to keep expelling there and
depends on the degree how to say
Well, the nervousness of a man to find him
able to figure out calm whatever
whether there is anything like that and all the chest
okay don't usually start and here in
Generally there is a reason yes there is a lot myself
considerations in favor of there and years and
here is some number of people who
you may not think before now think
that's it that's where it's time to blame or what are they
everyone there thinks and since they are not in
course from this there only in the head
it's time to bring down
honoring start to react somehow
respond here to these ads in
principle, usually if you go some
advertising campaign and there is no return
no people stop well, that's understandable
that demand is not the other way around successfully
got it here it went and money
gone then starts maybe
expand there somehow
to win back the amounts that can be there
earn therefore if this company with
green cards for example lasting
she doesn't go anywhere for a long time
all this with her it means there
earn some money that is
people come to these websites there
fills out form make there some kind of there
I do not know how many two hundred three hundred and 500
dollars somewhere registered there
most likely so here is my understanding I am not
I do not deal specifically with these matters
carries this much I do not know this and
common sense reasons
yeah i like that so here so what but coming back
to the original topic when you see that
someone advertises
participate in the green card well, just go away
and everything is well
but you do not need one at all well, just
no one is needed and those who are advertised
do it in order to cut down
as if not earned loot so let's say
Once again, I'm not saying that this is a circuit
criminal just talking about what
if there is a service that stands there
let's say if you search you can
be done for 50 dollars and if you
found then maybe 500 so therefore
that's still growing my understanding I
understand
is happy